yep yep mmhmm mm-hmm I'm dead yep so I
got movement yes it is getting me Fox
doing the thing I do best which is being
an idiot and also opening packs of cards
because literally there is nothing else
I'm good at progress and also college
degrees or useless anyway so yes I have
been gone for quite a while what was it
like 5-6 days usually my videos have one
or two day gaps or three-day gaps or
four-day gaps or very very large anyway
the point is I'm back and I'm doing
videos again and also i will be going to
the next Pokemon pre-release event at
Kings games yes I will be there and I
will not be square I will be around
because I'm fat anyway those get to
opening this i bought a gangis khan
blister or pin blister as it's more
eloquently called i do like this that it
has three different sets the variety is
always nice and the pins neat and i
bought this pin simply because a very
different nice likes cubone very much
and i like to make fun of him that
cubone is essentially a baby gangster
who killed his mother and/or saw his
mother died and then found it fit to cut
off her head hollow out her skull and
wear it as a hat because Q bones are
sadistic little anyway so yes
here is a gangis khan pin a more random
part of the pin of the pins i should say
that are out uh gang scott is not really
highly regarded as a super awesome
Pokemon egg well i guess he's pretty
cool or she's pretty cool i should say
but uh all right i mean that's cool i
know the other one is a gang are pin but
i wanted to get this one cuz it's weird
and also why gap gank sound cool i
really have no complaints also i guess
is because you can get gangs gani accent
this set but anyway we got very special
fan two forces and flash fire let's go
go go newest to oldest will change up
the old routine
cuz I'm I'm progressive like that all
right here is the code card still no Fox
one day damn it one day and let's get to
opening we're starting off with a loom
minion pretty fish like Sanders trump
card which i pulled full art 060 sick I
know okay swirlix pinion gligar Joel
tick ganma reverse waddlin add a
talonflame rare the art is neat and it
honestly would look cool foil but it's
not it's just a rare and I think so I
was just enough college yep alright so
first pack absolutely nothing and I drop
the pack on the floor and I got to pick
it up later I'm lazy to people that
really first for me to do alright next
pack is various fist code well I guess
the D could get it no it doesn't say
fast okay so we got my joke hitmonlee in
a training center like a makuhita
Gothita magmar Pikachu Shroomish reverse
makuhita and a Blaziken foil so as you
pull the foil that's pretty cool the art
is very cg which i'm not a huge fan of I
don't like CGR tight end to enjoy you
know drawn using either a digitizer or
possibly an actual paint brush and
pencil or whatever I like traditional
art regardless digital or traditional /
CGI mudbox art what I call it but who am
I to complain except x box and Jewish
and I always complain you may see more
of my complaining in the last video i
posted at the ansi box alright last
night video is flash fire and still no
Fox on the Coast Guard let's open this
up and we get a sliggoo sliggoo his
shell is made of the go-to I don't
what's the purpose of the shell if it's
also made of the same material that
you're made of shells are supposed to
protect you this protects nothing trick
shovel graveler by nicole don't know
what the hell that thing is weasel
spritzee seedot skrelp great name
Stuckey reverse and hey whoa wow that's
sucky reverse car is actually super
thick what the hell
it's real it's a really thick card all
right whatever and swall reen rare and
he's yelling at you because you took the
last pizza and also cuz he's
pissed Lord yeah so that was a Genghis
Khan / mini cubone blister I hope you
guys enjoyed I will see you later more
videos I will be getting a faker Forge
box very soon possibly even to and I
will be going to the pre-release I hope
I'm almost positive I'm gonna go there
uh I'm really hoping the snow doesn't
me but I'm very very sure i'll be
there so hope you guys enjoyed i will
see you later more videos and that is it
for me by now ok